docs: v1.1.2 (#5850)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-logic.md

Logic components provide functionalities for routing, conditional processing, and flow management.

## Use a logic component in a flow

This flow creates a summarizing "for each" loop with the [Loop](/components-logic#loop) component.

> The component iterates over a list of [Data](/concepts-objects#data-object) objects until it's completed, when the **Done** loop aggregates the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component iterates over a list of [Data](/concepts-objects#data-object) objects until it's completed, and then the **Done** loop aggregates the results.
```

The **File** component loads text files from your local machine, and then the **Parse Data** component parses them into a list of structured `Data` objects.
The **Loop** component passes each `Data` object to a **Prompt** to be summarized.

> When the **Loop** component runs out of `Data`, the **Done** loop activates, which counts the number of pages and summarizes their tone with another **Prompt**. This is represented in Langflow by connecting the Parse Data component's **Data List** output to the Loop component's `Data` loop input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the **Loop** component runs out of `Data`, the **Done** loop activates, which counts the number of pages and summarizes their tone with another **Prompt**.
This is represented in Langflow by connecting the Parse Data component's **Data List** output to the Loop component's `Data` loop input.
```
